(Samples) Transfer in (#231)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/write-large-dataset.md

---
title: 'Performance optimization when writing a large dataset'
description: 'Learn how to optimize performance when writing a large dataset in Office Scripts.'
ms.date: 03/04/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Performance optimization when writing a large dataset

## Basic performance optimization

For performance basics in Office Scripts, see the [performance section](getting-started.md#basic-performance-considerations) of the Getting Started article.

> ## Suggestion for optimizing performance of a large dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Office Script sample code: Optimize performance of a large dataset
```
